Inspecting parser tests

I need to focus on fixing the failing parser tests. First, I'll inspect the current metadata service and test expectations. Since earlier tests failed, there's no exact parser compile available. I should look at the current test file and service file. Running the tests will be necessary, and I'll likely need to patch the service. It’s important to read through the current service and its specifications. I’ll start by using read_file to inspect the relevant files.

Reviewing the parser implementation and current tests to fix only the failing cases.

Running the parser unit tests now to identify the exact failing cases.

Inspecting the exact parser output for the failing folder cases.

Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; node - <<'NODE'
const { ToolMasterMetadataService } = require('./src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.ts');
const svc = new ToolMasterMetadataService();
const cases = [
  'BM450 Black Bird 5000ml P01 Single cavity Mold SSB65 FN',
  'BM458 Vancouver 200ml 10-Cavity Mold BMU 70E+ FN',
  'BM475 200ml TC Bottle 4+4 Cav Mold UMS100 AN CR',
  'BM480 MUSKETEER 12d_116_cylindrical_guide_bush.prt.1',
  'IM101 PET Bottle 1L 2 Cav SSB65 CN',
  'BM1234 500ml HDPE 2+2 Cav BMU70 AN WR',
  'BM999 1L PET 15-Cavity SEB101 CR',
  'BM650 200ML PP 2Cav UMS100 LH MTL',
  'BM701 750ml Bottle 10 Cav BMU75 TN WR',
  'BM702 300ML HDPE ALPLA SSB65 FN',
  'BM703 20L PET Single cavity UMS100 CN',
  'BM704 100ML PP 5 Cav Mold',
  'BM705 250ML PET 4+4 CAV AN',
  'BM706 2L HDPE 8-Cav Mold TN',
  'BM707 250ML PET SSB65 FN CR',
  'BM708 1.5L PP 16 Cavity BMU70E+ LH WR',
  'BM709 500ML PET 12 Cav BMUTC AN',
  'BM710 330ML HDPE 2+2 Cav UMS100 FN MTL',
  'BM711 100ML PET 3 Cav BMU70 CR',
  'BM712 150ML PP 6-Cav SEB101 LH',
];
for (const input of cases) {
  const parsed = svc.parseFolderName(input);
  console.log('INPUT:', input);
  console.log(parsed);
  console.log('---');
}
NODE
Compacted conversation

Read tool-master-metadata.service.ts

Read tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts

Troubleshooting test issues

I’m considering the easiest way to debug our tests, like using console logs or maybe running things with npx ts-node or node -e. Though the .ts file isn't compiled yet, I could consider npx ts-node-esm. Running npm test -- --runInBand ... --verbose might be simpler, but we do have a failing test already. It seems like I should search the code for likely bugs, especially in the metadata parser service, which needs fixing. I need to adjust the regex to match BMU70E+ correctly—there may be an issue with spaces.

Analyzing test case expectations

I’m looking at a test case where it should yield Weener but received ALPLA instead. The key seems to be that the machine is BMU70, which expected ALPLA. However, there’s a rule: customer precedence for ALPLA. It appears that if the customer suffix is WR, it should override the machine designation. The test case specifies that for BMU70, they want the customer suffix to take priority over the machine's designation. So, the algorithm may need to select the suffix when it's present; otherwise, it defaults to ALPLA.

Fixing customer name extraction

I need to address the issue with extractCustomerName, which currently only returns ALPLA when the machine is ALPLA without considering customer suffixes. I should implement a precedence rule where if an explicit customer suffix is present, it takes priority. Otherwise, if the machine is ALPLA, it returns ALPLA. I wonder if the regex for matching BMU70E+ is excluding the plus sign. The patterns seem right, but there could be issues with punctuation. Test cases show it should work, but there might be underlying issues affecting product name parsing.

Running tests and scripts

I’m thinking about how to run my script. Should I use npx ts-node or opt for Jest to print results? I wonder if using a quick script file in the workspace would be easier. Alternatively, I could run npm test -- --runInBand ... --silent --runTestsByPath. Adding console.log temporarily could help, or maybe just transpile with node. I need to check package dependencies to confirm if npm exec ts-node is available, so inspecting the package JSON for dev dependencies is important.

Read package.json

Evaluating parsing logic

I need to run through all the cases for evaluation. While a node script could work, running tests with logging might be easier. I'll focus on inspecting the parsing logic and consider potential corrections.

For example, the current extractMachine patterns look good for matching specific machines. I also see how extractCustomerName could be improved for explicit suffixes. That should be the first check when returning customer names. Additionally, I need to review extractProductName, as it might fail in some cases, so I should check each output accordingly.

Using ts-node for parsing

I'm considering whether I can use node with ts-node register since the project includes it. Running npx ts-node -e "..." could work. I need to ensure I handle the PowerShell command quoting carefully to avoid syntax issues.

The goal is to get the output from the parse results, so I'll make sure to test it in the terminal using the correct syntax. Let’s proceed with that!

Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npx ts-node -r tsconfig-paths/register -e "const { ToolMasterMetadataService } = require('./src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service'); const svc = new ToolMasterMetadataService(); const cases = ['BM450 Black Bird 5000ml P01 Single cavity Mold SSB65 FN','BM458 Vancouver 200ml 10-Cavity Mold BMU 70E+ FN','BM475 200ml TC Bottle 4+4 Cav Mold UMS100 AN CR','BM480 MUSKETEER 12d_116_cylindrical_guide_bush.prt.1','IM101 PET Bottle 1L 2 Cav SSB65 CN','BM1234 500ml HDPE 2+2 Cav BMU70 AN WR','BM999 1L PET 15-Cavity SEB101 CR','BM650 200ML PP 2Cav UMS100 LH MTL','BM701 750ml Bottle 10 Cav BMU75 TN WR','BM702 300ML HDPE ALPLA SSB65 FN','BM703 20L PET Single cavity UMS100 CN','BM704 100ML PP 5 Cav Mold','BM705 250ML PET 4+4 CAV AN','BM706 2L HDPE 8-Cav Mold TN','BM707 250ML PET SSB65 FN CR','BM708 1.5L PP 16 Cavity BMU70E+ LH WR','BM709 500ML PET 12 Cav BMUTC AN','BM710 330ML HDPE 2+2 Cav UMS100 FN MTL','BM711 100ML PET 3 Cav BMU70 CR','BM712 150ML PP 6-Cav SEB101 LH']; for (const input of cases){ const parsed = svc.parseFolderName(input); console.log('INPUT:',input); console.log(JSON.stringify(parsed)); console.log('---'); }"
Fixing parser service issues

I need to fix the parser service since we're getting actual failures in the outputs—product names are often extracted as "material" or even null. I should examine the tests and implement fixes, starting with the relevant code. It seems I'll need to adjust the precedence for extracting product and customer names. For example, "BM1234 500ml HDPE 2+2 Cav BMU70 AN WR" gives an incorrect product name and customer name due to precedence rules. Let's clarify the expected values!

Adjusting customer name extraction

I need to clarify the expectations for customer name extraction; if there's a "WR," I should prioritize that, even if the machine is an ALPLA machine. The test case expects "Weener," so our current logic is incorrect. I need to adjust the extractCustomerName to prefer explicit suffixes like "WR" over the machine inference. There are also cases to consider, like "BM999," where the current output doesn't match expectations. I should explore when explicit suffixes should take precedence!

Clarifying product name rules

I’m reviewing cases like BM999 where SEB101 with CR should lead to "ALPLA," not "Creative." It seems the rule is that if the machine is an ALPLA machine, the customer remains ALPLA unless there's an explicit suffix like WR or WN. For other test cases, I noted null expectations matched actual outputs, which is good. However, for cases like BM704 and BM705, the product names should not just reflect material unless specific products are defined—this needs fixing!

Refining product parsing rules

I’ve noticed many cases where the parser incorrectly picks up material tokens as product names. I need to refine the product parsing logic to ensure that product names only include tokens before the capacity, excluding any material tokens that come after the tool number. For example, in cases like BM704, it should skip the "PP" material to avoid capturing it. The same goes for BM705, BM708, BM709, BM710, and BM711—material tokens should be skipped unless they are part of a non-material product name!

Improving parsing logic for product names

I’ve noticed that sometimes material tokens should be included if they’re followed by another useful token, like "PET Bottle." This suggests I need to create logic that allows material tokens to be considered part of the product name unless they come before a stop token. For example, in names like "BM704," where "PP" precedes capacity, it should be skipped.

I also need to improve how I detect cavity sequences to ensure specific tokens are excluded correctly. I’ll refine the rules around detecting numeric tokens that come before these important markers, and I’ll ensure that explicit codes like "WR" and "WN" are prioritized over others when determining customer names!

Refining extraction logic

I need to run Jest after my modifications and fine-tune the extractProductName logic. My approach will involve iterating through tokens after the tool number and breaking on stop words, molds, or other specific tokens. When I encounter a material token, I need to decide whether to include it based on what's next. I'll also check for numeric tokens and their relationship to cavity markers to improve accuracy.

For extractCustomerName, I want to ensure that explicit suffixes like WN/WR take precedence before proceeding with others. I’ll implement specific rules for handling conditions, including whether the machine indicates ALPLA, ensuring consistent behavior across cases. Finally, I'm looking to preserve the original token case in product names! I'll carefully patch the code with new helper functions and test thoroughly.

Updating extraction methods

I’m working on improving the extractProductName function to better handle various tokens and their relationships. My approach includes breaking on stop words or when certain token types are encountered while pushing material tokens into a list for the product name.

To refine my checks for cavity sequences, I will create a helper function that examines the upcoming tokens. This way, I can accurately determine when to skip materials based on their context.

I'll also adjust extractCustomerName accordingly, patching both methods with clear replacements while ensuring I preserve the necessary checks for customer suffixes. It's all about getting the logic just right!

Edited
tool-master-metadata.service.ts+40-11
Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npm test -- --runInBand src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts --silent
Inspecting test cases

I’m still facing issues and need to pinpoint the exact case. I might run tests to find where things diverge, possibly focusing on one case at a time. I’ve figured out that we expected "ALPLA" but got "Weener" in one instance, likely due to a specific case with "WR" or "WN." I want to inspect outputs and use a shorter script to compare expected versus actual results, possibly utilizing Jest test outputs to identify the failing key.

Rethinking precedence logic

I’m considering whether it should definitely be "ALPLA" due to the explicit "WR." Our rules say that if there’s an explicit "CR" or "MTL" with an ALPLA machine, then ALPLA takes precedence. But for "WR," I worry our direct mapping could be wrong. I expected "ALPLA" for BM708 because the machine is BMU70E+, which indicates ALPLA. The logic needs to clearly prioritize the machine first over any explicit suffix unless it’s "CR" or "MTL." Time to fix this!

Reevaluating return logic

I'm thinking there are cases where an explicit "WR" combined with a non-ALPLA machine should map to "Weener." So, I need to adjust the order of operations: if the machine is an ALPLA machine, return ALPLA first. Then, if there's an explicit suffix, return the corresponding mapping, including "WR," "WN," "CR," and "MTL." However, for "CR" and "MTL," if the machine is ALPLA, it should still return ALPLA. I’ll reinforce that the ALPLA machine must always take precedence over "WR."

Updating customer extraction logic

I’m considering a function to extract the customer name that checks if the machine is in the ALPLA_MACHINES list. If it is, it simply returns "ALPLA." I’m using a regex to find matches in the value for "ALPLA," "CR," "MTL," "WN," or "WR," and map them accordingly. However, I need to account for edge cases where "ALPLA" is explicit but the machine is non-ALPLA; it should still return ALPLA. I’ll also check if product names, like BM1234 or BM704, have issues and run tests after applying the patch.

Edited
tool-master-metadata.service.ts+2-14
Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npm test -- --runInBand src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts --silent
Troubleshooting failing tests

I need to identify which test case is failing. It might help to run the tests with increased output to pinpoint the exact case. Using a node script or jest with console logs could work nicely.

I can run a targeted script output and avoid quoting issues. PowerShell's here-string might complicate things, so something simpler could be beneficial. I want to avoid excessive complexity like nested quotes, and creating a temporary script should simplify the process instead of overly relying on dynamic commands.

Creating and running a test file

I want to run a command in the terminal to create a small test file. I can use echo in PowerShell with redirection to do this, but it might be simpler to navigate with Set-Location first and then run a node command. I need to ensure I quote correctly, especially when dealing with arrays.

It could be beneficial to run a terminal command that checks for mismatched cases or parses output. Since the service is TypeScript, I’ll likely stick with ts-node for executing the script to make things easier. A temporary test file could really help in this situation!

Analyzing script output

I need to inspect the output from the script, as it seems like the command didn't run properly. Wait, it ended at '@' due to some PowerShell quoting issues. Maybe the script didn't execute at all! I could try a simpler command by writing a small .js file or use PowerShell's here-string more carefully to avoid complicated quoting. I notice that there's a known failing test case related to customer precedence logic, specifically with BM1234 and BM702. The expected output contradicts the rule, which is puzzling.

Revisiting customer precedence logic

I need to revisit the logic regarding customer precedence for the ALPLA machine, where the expected output is actually Weener, even though the machine is set to ALPLA. The test indicates it should return Weener due to the explicit WR suffix, which is puzzling since our logic prioritizes the ALPLA machine.

Earlier discussions mentioned customer precedence and product-name parsing. If an explicit suffix exists, it should override the machine name. I think I need to double-check the case BM1234, where the value has BMU70 AN WR. It seems our fix might not be sufficient.

Clarifying precedence logic

I need to focus on explicit suffix precedence in our logic. The goal is to modify the extractCustomerName function to prioritize searching for explicit suffixes first, only falling back to machine-based ALPLA when none is found. In terms of explicit tokens, ALPLA should still be returned when present.

For test cases like BM707, if the explicit CR is detected and the machine is SSB65, it should ideally override to ALPLA. Yet, the BM1234 case shows that explicit WR takes precedence over machine ALPLA. So, it seems ALPLA machines win over CR/MTL tokens but not over WR/WN.

Defining customer precedence rules

I need to establish clear rules for handling customer precedence. If the explicit customer is WR or WN, that should take precedence. For CR or MTL, the machine ALPLA should win, and if there’s an explicit ALPLA, it should be returned directly. This aligns with earlier logic, but the current code checks the machine first, leading to failures like with BM1234.

So, I'll modify the code to check for explicit matches first, follow the prioritized rules, and then address any product name extraction issues. After patching this, we should run targeted tests to ensure everything is functioning correctly.

Improving the extraction process

I’m thinking we might need to enhance the extraction process for when materials aren’t product names. If the material token is followed by anything, we should continue processing rather than stopping. We’ve already made some improvements, but it seems like there's still room for better results. So, I'll go ahead and patch the extractCustomerName function to incorporate these changes. This should make the extraction more robust and accurate!

Edited
tool-master-metadata.service.ts+14-2
Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npm test -- --runInBand src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts --silent
Addressing test failures

It seems the test failure was related to the customer field because Jest stops at the first mismatch during comparison. After fixing the customer issue, we should confirm there are no additional mismatches. I’m considering running tests again after applying necessary fixes. There might also be failures linked to the product name, like BM702. I'll analyze all outputs versus expectations, modify the code if needed, and patch extractCustomerName. Let’s ensure everything is running smoothly!

Edited
tool-master-metadata.service.ts+4-12
Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npm test -- --runInBand src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts --silent
Set-Location 'D:\Mitra3.0\mitra-backend'; npx ts-node -r tsconfig-paths/register -e "const { ToolMasterMetadataService } = require('./src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.ts'); const svc = new ToolMasterMetadataService(); const cases=[{input:'BM450 Black Bird 5000ml P01 Single cavity Mold SSB65 FN',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM458 Vancouver 200ml 10-Cavity Mold BMU 70E+ FN',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM475 200ml TC Bottle 4+4 Cav Mold UMS100 AN CR',expected:'Creative'},{input:'BM480 MUSKETEER 12d_116_cylindrical_guide_bush.prt.1',expected:null},{input:'IM101 PET Bottle 1L 2 Cav SSB65 CN',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM1234 500ml HDPE 2+2 Cav BMU70 AN WR',expected:'Weener'},{input:'BM999 1L PET 15-Cavity SEB101 CR',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM650 200ML PP 2Cav UMS100 LH MTL',expected:'Alterniq'},{input:'BM701 750ml Bottle 10 Cav BMU75 TN WR',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM702 300ML HDPE ALPLA SSB65 FN',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM703 20L PET Single cavity UMS100 CN',expected:null},{input:'BM704 100ML PP 5 Cav Mold',expected:null},{input:'BM705 250ML PET 4+4 CAV AN',expected:null},{input:'BM706 2L HDPE 8-Cav Mold TN',expected:null},{input:'BM707 250ML PET SSB65 FN CR',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM708 1.5L PP 16 Cavity BMU70E+ LH WR',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM709 500ML PET 12 Cav BMUTC AN',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM710 330ML HDPE 2+2 Cav UMS100 FN MTL',expected:'Alterniq'},{input:'BM711 100ML PET 3 Cav BMU70 CR',expected:'ALPLA'},{input:'BM712 150ML PP 6-Cav SEB101 LH',expected:'ALPLA'}]; let fail=false; cases.forEach(({input,expected})=>{const actual=svc.parseFolderName(input).customerName; if(actual!==expected){fail=true;console.log('FAIL',input,'expected',expected,'actual',actual);} }); if(!fail) console.log('ALL PASS');"
Investigating test failures

I need to inspect the file around extractCustomerName, possibly using regex. The failing tests are showing that the expected result was "Weener," but it received "ALPLA." This suggests the case BM1234 is important since it was supposed to return Weener but is identified as BMU70, which should return ALPLA. There seems to be a mismatch between machine precedence and customer precedence in the logic, especially regarding overrides for cases like explicit WR. I'm piecing this together!

Analyzing test case precedence

I need to infer from the test cases and consider how to adjust them. If there's an explicit suffix like CR, MTL, WN, or WR provided, those should take precedence over "ALPLA" from the machine—unless "ALPLA" is explicitly mentioned. However, the situation isn't straightforward. For instance, in case BM702, it had expected ALPLA despite it specifying SSB65. Similarly, BM707 showed that even though CR was provided, the machine should still enforce ALPLA. This calls for careful inspection of the test cases.

Listing cases for analysis

I’m compiling the cases where there's an explicit suffix and a machine is present. Here’s what I've found:

BM450 (SSB65, no suffix) expected ALPLA.
BM458 (BMU70E+, no suffix) expected ALPLA.
BM475 (UMS100, explicit CR) expected Creative.
IM101 (SSB65, no suffix) expected ALPLA.
BM1234 (BMU70, explicit WR) expected Weener.
BM999 (SEB101, explicit CR) expected ALPLA.
BM701 (BMU75, explicit WR) expected ALPLA.
BM702 (SSB65, explicit ALPLA) expected ALPLA.
BM707 (SSB65, explicit CR) expected ALPLA.
BM708 (BMU70E+, explicit WR) expected ALPLA.
BM709 (BMUTC, no suffix) expected ALPLA.
BM712 (SEB101, no suffix) expected ALPLA.
It seems that when the machine is an ALPLA machine, it generally wins unless maybe in the case of BM1234.

Clarifying machine precedence

I realize that for BM1234 with the BMU70 machine and explicit WR, the expected outcome is Weener, not ALPLA. Meanwhile, BM701 and BM708 both feature explicit WR and are expected to return ALPLA. I need to differentiate these cases.

In BM1234, the detail suggests that, although BMU70 is marked as an ALPLA machine, having an explicit WR should mean the expected result is Weener. But conflicting cases like BM701 and BM708 complicate this. It seems that precedence might apply when "WR" is there only if the machine isn't an ALPLA machine. I should dive deeper into these inconsistencies!

Examining explicit WR and machine precedence

I’m considering that explicit WR shouldn't always override ALPLA. There might be specific rules at play: if the machine is BMU70 with explicit WR, I should use WR; but if it's BMU75 or BMU70E+ with WR, then ALPLA applies. However, the tests only expect BM1234 to return Weener, which seems unlikely.

I should check the ALPLA_MACHINES list to confirm that BMU70 is indeed considered an ALPLA machine. I'm wondering if the rule is that explicit WR or WN overrides ALPLA only for BMU70. It feels a bit off, so I'll search for comments or documentation in the repository to clarify.

Searched for regex extractCustomerName|ALPLA_MACHINES|CUSTOMER_SUFFIXES|ALPLA|Weener|WR|WN (**/*.{ts,md}), 655 results

Searched for regex customerName:\s*'Weener' (**/mitra-backend/src/modules/tool-master/services/tool-master-metadata.service.spec.ts), 1 result

Fixing parser tests

I need to address the failing parser tests since it seems there's an issue with the expected customer output. I'm thinking the failures might involve BM701 or BM708. The error indicates an expectation of "Weener," but the parser is returning "ALPLA." I should inspect the outputs for both cases. There's also a specific case, BM1234, that expects "Weener" but returns "ALPLA," suggesting that the customer precedence might not be correctly applied. Do explicit customer suffixes override machine precedence?

Diagnosing parser failures

I noticed that earlier test failures indicate the expected output is "Weener," but what's being returned is "ALPLA," possibly linked to BM1234. I think I need to add targeted console outputs to identify the precise failure. Running a parser for BM1234 might help, but using a simple Node script could be more effective. I should avoid npx ts-node since that might cause issues. Additionally, I suspect the product name extraction might not be necessary. I should investigate the parse function around extractCustomerName for any known issues and run the full tests once I fix everything.

Analyzing machine rules

It looks like the current function returns "ALPLA" if the machine is an ALPLA type, regardless of the explicit suffix WR or WN. However, the test for BM1234 indicates it should return "Weener," despite being associated with machine BMU70. It seems the suffix should override the machine designation in some cases. For BM701 and BM708, explicit WR alongside an ALPLA machine should expect "ALPLA." So, I wonder if there's a nuanced rule affecting these overrides. Explicit WR doesn't consistently override,